https://codepen.io/GreenSock/pen/vRxXyY
DrawSVG dotted line with mask

https://codepen.io/osublake/pen/NrRJwm
Sortable Grid

https://codepen.io/joelcoxokc/pen/mAyyQP
Sortable List

https://codepen.io/GreenSock/pen/dPZLEp
Sortable Grid Using GreenSock Draggable

https://codepen.io/GreenSock/pen/AznEH
GSAP JS: multiple text-shadow

https://codepen.io/GreenSock/pen/hCElc
Simple Explosion

https://codepen.io/GreenSock/pen/KwqPjZ
DrawSVGPlugin: Through the Maze

https://codepen.io/GreenSock/pen/zrmiG?editors=0010
Number Particles

https://codepen.io/EmmaRobbo88/pen/PWzJma
Bubble pop game javascript v1

https://github.com/mind1master/bubble-pop
colored groups

Match-3-Game-HTML5
https://github.com/rembound/Match-3-Game-HTML5

Bubble Game (pure CSS)
https://codepen.io/jkantner/pen/PzXjYa

Jellies
https://codepen.io/vanwars/pen/OQVxoM

edit shapes
http://jsfiddle.net/fabricjs/S9sLu/

calculator
https://codepen.io/vanwars/pen/XjWKNR?page=14

Timezone Clock
https://codepen.io/nealagarwal/pen/zqpYrX?page=17

AnyChart Playground Puzzle
https://playground.anychart.com/gallery/Graphics/Puzzle_15

AnyChart Analog_Watch
https://playground.anychart.com/gallery/Circular_Gauges/Analog_Watch

AnyChart Dealership_Locator map
https://playground.anychart.com/gallery/Maps_Choropleth/Dealership_Locator

raphael clock
http://dmitrybaranovskiy.github.io/raphael/hand.html

raphael australia 
http://dmitrybaranovskiy.github.io/raphael/australia.html

Hangman
https://codepen.io/vanwars/pen/JRjEoy

learning_arcade_must_pop_words
https://www.mathplayground.com/learning_arcade_must_pop_words.html

addition_blocks
https://www.mathplayground.com/addition_blocks.html

superhero_subtraction
https://www.mathplayground.com/superhero_subtraction.html

number_bonds_30
https://www.mathplayground.com/number_bonds_30.html

algebra_puzzle
https://www.mathplayground.com/algebra_puzzle.html

logic_sum_tracks
https://www.mathplayground.com/logic_sum_tracks.html

making-an-html5-game-using-paper-js tank game
https://medium.com/alex-hinds-portfolio/making-an-html5-game-using-paper-js-dc05f51119d5


wordfind
https://lucas-c.github.io/wordfind/

html5TileSwapPuzzle
https://cdn.tutsplus.com/active/uploads/legacy/tuts/403_html5TileSwapPuzzle/demo/puzzle.html?_ga=2.29191036.1546273604.1533890473-2061221130.1521542696

Pure css game - maze v1.2
https://codepen.io/Crook/pen/yObber

text effects css
http://preview.codecanyon.net/item/typography-effect/full_screen_preview/21952144?_ga=2.67068398.1546273604.1533890473-2061221130.1521542696

CSS 3D Solar System
https://codepen.io/juliangarnier/pen/idhuG

filters in css and many more
https://codepen.io/una/full/Wjvdqm

maps
https://leafletjs.com/examples/choropleth/

filters
http://html5-demos.appspot.com/static/css/filters/index.html

css cube
https://pstadler.sh/the-cube/

Memory Game 2 flipped
https://codepen.io/natewiley/pen/HBrbL

Sweet Memory Game - HTML5, JS and SCSS
https://codepen.io/eliortabeka/pen/WwzEEg

Pure CSS Tic-tac-toe
https://codepen.io/ziga-miklic/pen/Fagmh

Old School Racing Game
https://codepen.io/johan-tirholm/pen/PGYExJ

JS Planet defense game
https://codepen.io/Loopez10/pen/dMaVdQ

Path Finder Game; A simple svg game: given the first dot, you have to connect it to the nearest yellow dot, and so on!
https://codepen.io/blazicke/pen/MEvZRR

Color Match Game â€” Broken
https://codepen.io/jasesmith/pen/mRmWjQ


Bullseye Game bow and arrow
https://codepen.io/pyrografix/pen/qrqpJN

English Alphabets Game; a for apple
https://codepen.io/mahdi/pen/JGNeOK

ppp Math Game 
https://codepen.io/namho/pen/hguon


Just a little game - pipe join html css
https://codepen.io/FWeinb/pen/JjBhk

Pure CSS Connect 4
https://codepen.io/finnhvman/pen/xXpzVN

Connect Four dots with JS
https://codepen.io/coderontheroad/pen/GdxEo

CSS Grid album with nice hover effect
https://codepen.io/AleksandarCizmadija/pen/vabboM

Periodic Table (click an element)
https://codepen.io/LoicMonard/pen/BPVbEa

CSS Only Flipping Book
https://codepen.io/dhanishgajjar/pen/bjaYYo


Key Sequence Detection
https://codepen.io/Paolo-Duzioni/pen/rrYLEV

letter-trace
http://andrewringler.github.io/letter-trace/

letter-trace-curve with validation
http://jsfiddle.net/m1erickson/k5KsC/

ppp CreateJS: Masking fun! for; spot light
https://codepen.io/createjs/pen/yKoNvj


Hangman for;word game
https://codepen.io/darthody/pen/yYaqRy

poisson animateCC ;  fish jumping in water
https://codepen.io/mathou/pen/vmGGeZ

pkp Tic, Tac, Toe svg
https://codepen.io/asickmiller/full/BoJJQB


analog clock recognising time
math 6+3=9 4+5=9
map/region selection
fish tank with right wrong food